Added reference to Azure Load Testing (#25793)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/load-tests.md

Stress tests determine if an app under stress can recover from failure and gracefully return to expected behavior. Under stress, the app isn't run under normal conditions.

> Visual Studio 2019 announced plans to [deprecate the load testing](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/devops/cloud-based-load-testing-service-eol/). The corresponding Azure DevOps cloud-based load testing service has been closed. In turn, you can now use [Azure Load Testing Preview](/azure/load-testing/overview-what-is-azure-load-testing). Azure Load Testing Preview is a fully managed load testing service that enables you to use existing Apache JMeter scripts to generate high-scale load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Load Testing Preview](/azure/load-testing/overview-what-is-azure-load-testing) is a fully managed load-testing service that enables you to generate high-scale load. The service simulates traffic for app, regardless of where they're hosted. Azure Load Testing Preview enables you to use existing Apache JMeter scripts to generate high-scale load.

[Visual Studio 2019 load testing](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/devops/cloud-based-load-testing-service-eol/) has been deprecated. The corresponding Azure DevOps cloud-based load testing service has been closed.
```
